<div id="templateRightMenu">
<h2 class="static-page-title">TERMS OF SERVICE FOR POLLFISH SUBSCRIPTION PLANS</h2>
<div class="updatedOn">Last updated: 11/09/2018</div>
<br />
Please read carefully and accept the Following Subscription Terms of Service, in order to access the Service. At the end of this document useful examples are provided in order for the Subscriber to better understand how Pollfish Enterprise, Pollfish Business and Pollfish Elite Subscriptions work.
This &quot; **Terms of Service for Pollfish Subscription Plans&quot; applies for &quot;Pollfish Enterprise&quot;, &quot;Pollfish Business&quot;, &quot;Pollfish Elite&quot; and or any other Subscription Service which Pollfish may initiate in the future.** The term&quot;Subscription Service(s)&quot; shall mean Pollfish Enterprise and/or Pollfish Business and/or Pollfish Elite and shall also apply to any other Subscription Service initiated in the future by Pollfish, as applicable.
### 1. Basic Terms
1.1 A Subscription Service is activated on the date of purchase of the Subscription Service chosen by the Subscriber (the &quot;Subscription Date&quot;), according to the relevant, then existing, monthly subscription rate (the &quot;Monthly Subscription Rate&quot;) of such chosen Subscription Service. Each Subscription Service includes the features listed in https://www.pollfish.com/pricing/. Any additional features which Pollfish may add to the Subscription Services, from time to time, shall be communicated by Pollfish to the Subscriber. For all issues regarding method of payments, costs, taxes etc. not regulated or not differently regulated herein, Section 2.1 of the Researcher Terms of Service shall apply directly and/or by analogy.
1.2. A Subscription Service provides the Subscriber the opportunity to pre-pay for and therefore use, within a month, certain monthly credits (the &quot;Monthly Subscription Credits&quot;) corresponding to the monetary value of such Pollfish services and such volume of Pollfish services, as featured in the relevant Subscription Service.
1.3 Subject to the pre-payment of the relevant Monthly Subscription Rate each time, and unless the Subscriber cancels the Subscription or Downgrades, the Subscription Service will be automatically renewed one month after the Subscription date/and or after any previous renewal date (the &quot;Monthly Renewal Date&quot;) and for one (1) month each time (the &quot;Renewal Month&quot;). If the Monthly Subscription Rate changes, such change shall start to apply from the following Monthly Renewal Date. The Subscriber shall be notified of such a change at least fifteen (15) days before such following Monthly Renewal Date, so that the Subscriber has sufficient time to cancel (or downgrade) his subscription if he so chooses.
1.4 Subject to the limitations set-out in Section 1.5 below, upon successful monthly renewal, any Monthly Subscription Credits not used by the Subscriber up to the Monthly Renewal Date (the &quot;Remaining Subscription Credits&quot;), will be transferred to the Renewal Month. The Subscriber may use, within a month, such Remaining Subscription Credits, cumulatively with the Subscription Credits of the Renewal Month. For clarity, and subject to successful further renewals, any accumulated Remaining Subscription Credits may be used, at the choice of the Subscriber, on any Renewal Month, until the Expiration of the Monthly Credit Lifecycle.
1.5 Monthly Credits purchased on the Subscription Date and/or on each Renewal Date, expire 12 months after the Subscription/Renewal Date (the &quot;Expiration of the Monthly Credit Lifecycle&quot;) on which the relevant monthly credits were purchased (and irrespective of if they were subsequently transferred to a next Renewal Month under Section 1.4 above). More specifically, upon Expiration of the Monthly Credit Lifecycle, all and any Subscription Credits purchased 12months before the Expiration of the Monthly Credit Lifecycle are deemed expired (the &quot;Expired Monthly Subscription Credits&quot;), are no longer usable, and are no longer transferred to any further Renewal Month. The Subscriber is not entitled to any refund of Rates paid for (and covering) such Expired Monthly Subscription Credits.
### 2. Downgrade
 The Subscriber can at all times downgrade his account to a &quot;lower&quot; Subscription Service (or even to &quot;Basic&quot;) and/or cancel the purchased Subscription Service. Upon downgrade and/or cancellation, the Subscription Service shall not be renewed. The Subscriber, however, shall be entitled to use any Remaining Subscription Credits (and all features of the Subscription downgraded), only until the day prior the Monthly Renewal Date. If such date elapses without the Subscriber having consumed his Remaining Subscription Credits, the Remaining Subscription Credits shall be deemed expired and the Subscriber shall not be entitled to any refund for Subscription fees/Rates paid for such Remaining Credits.
### 3. Upgrade
Subscribers can upgrade to a &quot;higher&quot; Subscription Service at any date within a month, upon payment of the monetary difference between Monthly Subscription Rate already paid by the Subscriber and the Monthly Subscription Rate payable for such &quot;higher&quot; Subscription Service&quot;. Depending on the date of the month on which the Subscriber upgrades, such difference payable shall be calculated on a pro-rata basis. The selected &quot;higher&quot; Subscription Service shall be activated on the date of such successful upgrade. The Subscription Renewal Date for users upgrading to a &quot;higher&quot; Subscription Service shall be one month after the date on which the Subscriber subscribed for the &quot;lower&quot; Subscription Service originally -i.e. before the upgrade- selected ( **and not** one month after the date of the upgrade to a &quot;higher&quot; Subscription Service).
### 4. Forced downgrade- inactive accounts
4.1 In case of non-renewal, for reasons of non-payment of the Monthly Subscription Rate, the Subscriber&#39;s account shall be automatically and immediately downgraded to &quot;Basic&quot;. In such case, the Subscriber shall not be able to use any Remaining Subscription Credits (and relevant features of the Subscription Service) and will not be entitled to any refund for any Monthly Subscription Rate previously paid for (i.e. intended to cover) such Remaining Credits.
4.2 If a subscriber account is inactive for over 12 months, Pollfish has the right to terminate the account and erase all data associated to such account.
### 5. Overages
Until the Expiration of the Subscription Lifecycle, a Subscriber can only use, within a month, such volume of featured services as corresponding to the Monthly Subscription Credits and any existing Remaining Subscription Credits (the &quot;Monthly Available Volume of Services&quot;) already paid for by the Subscriber, according to the Subscription payments up to that date. If the Subscriber, within a month, exceeds the Monthly Available Volume of Services, any such excess shall be charged separately. More specifically, Subscribers paying with a credit card shall be charged for and shall be required to pay any excess amounts upon survey launch not covered by/exceeding the value of the Monthly Available Volume of Services. Subscribers paying with invoice, shall be charged for and shall be required to pay any such excess amounts on the 1st working day of the month following the month on which such excess has taken place.
### 6. No refund after Subscription or Renewal
Payments made on the Subscription and/or any Renewal Date, are not refundable in any case, not even in case where the Subscriber cancels the Subscription or where the Subscriber has chosen not to use the Credits and overall services featured in the Subscription Service purchased.
### 7. Part of Researcher Terms of Use
This &quot;Terms of Service for Pollfish Subscription plans&quot; once accepted by the Subscriber, shall be an indispensable part of the Researcher Terms of Service located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/researcher For all issues not specifically regulated hereby, the Pollfish Researcher Terms of Service, shall apply.
**EXAMPLES (in this Example Section, for simplicity, a Subscription Service is described as &quot;plan&quot; or &quot;subscription plan&quot;)**
1. If a client purchases a plan on the 2nd of January 2018 the next auto-renewal of the plan will happen on the 2nd of February 2018.
2. If the plan of the client provides him with 700 credits on the first time he bought a subscription plan, the second month after the auto-renewal if he did not use the previous credits he will have 1400 credits in his account.
3. If a client purchases a plan for 700 credits on the 1st of January 2018 and never uses credits for 12 consequent months but the renewal of the plan takes place he should have 8400 credits by December 2018. On the 1st of January 2019 the plan will auto-renew; the first 700 credits purchased in January 2018 will expire and another 700 credits for the current month will be added to the account resulting to a sum of 8400 credits overall.
4. If a client purchases a Business plan worth 700 euros on the 1st of April and he decides to upgrade to Enterprise plan worth of 2000 euros on the 15th of April, the client will have to pay the remaining amount of the Enterprise plan (1000 euros) minus the amount allocated for the Business plan (350).  In that case the client will have to pay 650 euros. The next auto-renewal will happen on the 1st of May for the full amount of the Enterprise plan.
5. If a client purchases a Business plan on the 2nd of February 2018, he gets access to the credits and features of the corresponding plan, immediately. The client can cancel the plan the same day and still have access to the features and credits of the plan until the 2nd of March 2018. After that day, access to features and credits will expire.
6. If a client has bought a Business plan for 700 euros, he will get 700 credits worth of services on Pollfish platform. If the client wants to run a survey worth of 850 euros and his preferred payment method is by credit card, 150 euros will be charged to the card of the client.
</div>
